<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
>

<h:head>
    <f:facet name="first">
        <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge"/>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, maximum-scale=1.0, user-scalable=0"/>
        <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes"/>

        <h:outputStylesheet name="primeflex/3.3.1/primeflex.css" library="webjars"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/App.css"/>
    </f:facet>
    
</h:head>
<ui:insert name="header">
  <!-- Include the header content -->
  <ui:include src="/template/Header.xhtml" />
</ui:insert>
  

<h:body class ="body">
    

    <h:form>
        <div class="card-container">
                  <ui:insert name="memberSideBar">
              <!-- Include the sidebar content -->
              <ui:include src="/template/memberSideBar.xhtml" />
          </ui:insert>
              
                    
              
     
                  
              
              

          
              
              

              <p:card class="card-2" style="border-radius: 8%;" >
  <div class="card-content">
    
      <p>
        <b class="h2">Mission:</b><br/>
        To empower the local community by providing accessible financial services, promoting savings culture, and fostering economic growth in Kimwanyi Town.
        <br/>
        <b class="h2">Vision:</b>
        To be the leading Savings and Credit Cooperative Organization, known for our exceptional service, community focus, and commitment to financial inclusion.
        <br/>
        <b class="h2">Values:</b>
        <br/>
        <b>Community-Centric:</b> We are dedicated to the well-being and development of our local community. We prioritize the needs of our members and work towards their financial empowerment.
        <br/>
        <b>Integrity:</b> We uphold the highest standards of honesty, transparency, and ethical conduct in all our operations. Trust is at the core of our relationships with members and stakeholders.
        <br/>
        <b>Financial Inclusion:</b> We believe in providing equal opportunities for all individuals to access financial services. We strive to serve underserved populations and promote financial inclusion.
        <br/>
        <b>Member-Oriented:</b> Our members' success is our priority. We are committed to providing personalized and innovative financial solutions tailored to meet their unique needs and aspirations.
        <br/>
        <b>Collaboration:</b> We foster a cooperative spirit by promoting collaboration, teamwork, and partnerships. By working together, we can achieve greater impact and drive positive change in our community.
        <br/>
      
      </p>
   
  </div>
</p:card>

 </div>
    </h:form> 
          
</h:body>


</html>
